# CITS3200 Group 20 Meeting 4

Meeting Date: 07/08/2024

Present: Sophie, Rishwanth, Josh, Matt, Blair

Apologies: None

Absent: None

Meeting Start: 17:05

## Agenda

### Progress Updates
Sprint 1 Deliverables
1. Scope of Work
    -  PyQT is the GUI framework we want to use.
2. Skills and Resources Audit
    - We are all comfortable with python
    - Create and send through document by 3pm tomorrow.
3. Risk Register
    - Risk document has been created
    - Will go more into depth regarding specific technical requirements
    - Has sent through draft, will send through final by Monday.
5. Project Acceptance Tests
    - Followed template
    - Completed writing tests for:
        - Uploading and preprocessing
        - Perimeter Detection of sediment core
    - Will be completed tonight.
6. Set of Stories and Intermediate Acceptance Criteria
    - Blair will be taking on Radhika's work as well now that she has been unenrolled
    - Has created page of user stories from first meeting and follow up clarification emails with Ingrid
    - Will send work so far by tonight.

### General Business
- In Sprint 2, we should let the client try using the application independently, so we can ensure the GUI is intuitive.
- We are now missing a member, we have lost Radhika to UWA enrolment
    - Individual workloads will be a tad larger going forward.
    - Blair will take over Radhika's previously assigned work.

## Previous Action Items
Sophie: Work on Scope of Work (ongoing)
Josh: Work on Skills and Resources Audit (ongoing)
Matt: Work on Risk Register (ongoing)
Rishwanth: Project Acceptance Tests (ongoing)
Radhika, Blair: Set of Stories to be completed in Sprint 2 (ongoing)

## Action Items
- Sophie: Work on Scope of Work
- Josh: Work on Skills and Resources Audit, share to server
- Matt: Work on Risk Register, share to server
- Rishwanth: Work on Project Acceptance Tests, share to server
- Blair: Work on user stories, share to server
- Everyone: Check over other deliverables

Date of Next Meeting: 14/08/2024

Meeting closed: 18:05