# CITS3200 Weekly Meeting #
Meeting date: 12/09/2024  
Attendees: Blair, Josh, Matt, Rishwanth, Sophie  
Meeting started at: 5:02 PM  
Apologies:  
Absent: 


## Review goals from last week:
- Sophie worked on automatically converting image of core and ruler to millimetre per pixel length
- - Not capable of completing as not many tools to do length work
- - Can't do automatically for any possible ruler
- - Can try to form of template matching with mip mapping, but requires same ruler every time
- - Can try recognising ruler to draw box and then recognise lengths on ruler
- - Can also try having input for width of core in centimetres for scale
- - Going to try prompting user for sediment core tube width to calculate pixel to millimetre ratio
- - Also thinking of implementing drawing box around sediment core
- Matt made graph window in GUI scale with overall window size
- - Also made titling and text variable for different colour spaces, toggled by Boolean
- Blair worked on graph panel interface buttons
- - Did not finish, worked on singular fullscreen graph window button
- Rishwanth working on colourbind-friendly UI design
- - Couldn't make much progress due to commitments
- Josh worked on using installer compiler to create singular executable file
- - Had issue of only having Linux computers by trying to create Windows executable, looking for someone with a Windows computer to try running executable
- - Looking to recompile requirements with minimal libraries

## Review software and file structure:
- Looking to add default displays to graph sub-windows in GUI
- Down with adding more objects as long as nothing breaks and it works better for the client's intuition

## Lay out steps to achieve MVP by Wednesday:
- ACTION Blair: Check if installer works, and general grunt work with others
- ACTION Matt: Polishing up data display to meet graph of data display
- ACTION Josh: Finish work on graph window interface button and finish formatting gui panel
- ACTION Rishwanth: Finishing uploading and saving with images, then helping Sophie
- ACTION Sophie: Finishing sediment core analysis and integrating into app

## Float idea of a Monday meeting:
- Down from sometime within 11am to 2pm on 16/09/2024, looking to book room in Ezone as we usually do for that time
- ACTION Blair: Book Monday meeting space

## Discuss meeting Ingrid - decide on email content:
- ACTION Josh: Email Ingrid ASAP for meeting at latest Tuesday
- Looking to meet before Wednesday for retrospective being created and submitted by Wednesday

## Discuss if we want to action our sprint 1 marks:
- Might wait to see if anything changes, can email if no changes occur to clarity integer for multiplied marks

## General business:

## Action Items:
- Josh to Email Ingrid regarding Sprint 2 MVP meeting before Wednesday - ASAP
- Everyone for next week's tasks
- - Blair to check if installer works, and general grunt work with others
- - Matt to polish up data display to meet graph of data display
- - Josh to finish work on graph window interface button and finish formatting GUI panel
- - Rishwanth to finish uploading and saving functionality, then helping Sophie
- - Sophie to finish sediment core analysis and integration into app
- Blair to book Monday meeting space


Date of next weekly meeting: 18/09/2024  
Meeting closed at: 6:18 PM