# CITS3200 Weekly Meeting #
Meeting date: 28/08/2024  
Attendees: Josh, Rishwanth, Matt, Blair, Sophie  
Meeting started at: 5:05 PM  
Apologies:  
Absent:

## Review progress of assigned tasks from last meeting. Discuss which branches should be pulled into main.
- Sophie and Blair: Cleaning image data
- - Just got photos today, so have not gotten much done
- - Sophie created basic computer vision functions
- - Blair did research into OpenCV
- - Should be able to get basic image cleaning finalised within the next week
- Matt: Mapping Munsell colours / pickling the data
- - Found data for mapping Munsell colour to/from RGB and CIELAB colour spaces from 
- - Creating dictionaries from colour maps, with csv processing functions
- - No pickling done yet, as not large files and makes data accessible
- - - No need to pickle dictionaries right now, only really needed for optimising runtime
- - Munsell colour map as python dictionary literal for easier parsing in future functions
- Josh and Rishwanth: GUI design
- - Created basic functions for generating graphs and exporting data
- - Showed working basic GUI template
- - Thinking about python environment for dependencies, but could find packager for dependencies
- - - Looking at pip freeze for sharing dependencies and using pip install in code
- - Uses CSS like language for formatting GUI
- - Looking at shared graph for GUI DOM-tree like design to share knowledge
- - - Low priority task to create said graph

## Assign tasks for the coming week with reference to the Project timeline
- Cleaning image data: Sophie and Blair
- Starting to connect GUI with backend: Rishwanth, Matt, and Josh
- - Working on loading in an image, user-formatting it, and prompting output location: Rishwanth
- - Working on displaying and generating graph: Matt
- Creating branch for installer and packager: Josh

## Discuss upcoming meetings and/or contact with our
- Client (Dr Ingrid Ward) – just received core image data
- - Images is accessible, photos look very good
- - Shadows on the image, but should be fine to average colour across core width
- - ACTION: Josh sending email to Ingrid
- Mentor (Mr Sai Majji) – meeting 2pm tomorrow
- - Everyone able to make it
- - Reminder to put questions on document to ask Sai Majji

## General business
- Putting Munsell maps on GitHub for easy access

Date of next weekly meeting: 4/09/2024  
Meeting closed at: 5:45 PM