# CITS3200 Weekly Meeting #
Meeting date: 04/09/2024  
Attendees: Josh, Rishwanth, Blair, Sophie
Meeting started at: 5:10 PM
Apologies:  
Absent: Matt

## Review goals from last week:
- Sophie & Blair completed basic image formatting and image transformation functions
- - Cores can be detected, despite some imperfections in detections it will get the image data - Sophie
- - Colour can be extracted from image and image can be oriented for data parsing - Blair
- Josh added functions to GUI application for uploading image file and saving output files
- - Uses prompting window for Windows file directory
- Added creation of graphs in GUI by individual colour channels
- - Also added random colour generation to test graphing

## Discuss first round of pull requests and the project file structure:
- Looking to spend time merging current branches to main, then create new branches afterwards
- Looking to use basic standard application file structure for working on our project files
- - Using two folders under the app folder, utils and widgets. Utils more for processing, widgets more for GUI

## Decide tasks for coming week:
- ACTION Everyone: Create pull requests and begin merging development branches for Friday
- Blair to read over GUI python files and begin thinking of structuring smaller user functionality
- - Also looking for backup user selection of core in image
- Sophie to work on converting irl measurements into data to be paired with images
- Josh and Rishwanth to work towards reformatting GUI for visibility, useability, and aesthetics
- - Also design for colourblindness

## Is an extra discord channel needed to alert others that “I’m currently working on xyz”?:
- Useful for keep clutter out of other text chats, and for commenting on tasks when pull requests are made

## Review tasks re client, auditor and mentor:
- ACTION Josh: Email Ingrid to organise MVP presentation
- Auditor meeting not needed to be organised for another week
- Mentor meeting not needed to be organised for another week, but emailing early for time

## Decide the time and place of next week’s meeting:
- Thursday 5pm next week, in-person

## General business:
- Next weekly meeting is delayed by a day due to mid-sem test for one member
- Dropping Figma due to unnecessary complexity

## Action Items:
- Josh: Email Ingrid about MVP meeting
- Everyone: Create pull requests to merge branches onto main

Date of next weekly meeting: 12/09/2024  
Meeting closed at: 5:58 PM